Omni Cook

Operation Manual

CONTENTS
Please read this manual carefully to ensure correct and safe use of the product.
This product is for home use only.
Note: Instructions on the product, accessories, and user interfaces in the operation manual are for
reference only. Actual products and functions may vary due to product enhancements and technical
improvements.

Important Safeguards ....................................................................

01

Product Overview ....................................................................
Parts & accessories ....................................................................

04
04
05
06

Touch screen ....................................................................
Instructions on the use of parts ....................................................................

Quick Start Guide ....................................................................
First start ....................................................................

Emergency stop ....................................................................

12
12
12
12
12

Operating Instructions ....................................................................
Basic settings ....................................................................
Preset modes ....................................................................
Recipe function ....................................................................
Cleaning and maintenance
....................................................................

13
13
15
19
19

Troubleshooting ....................................................................

21

Diagnostic Error Code ....................................................................

22

Specs ....................................................................

23

Doc ....................................................................

23

Disposal ....................................................................

23

Start and shutdown ....................................................................
Initial configuration ....................................................................

01

IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS
READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS, SAFEGUARDS AND WARNINGS HEREIN
BEFORE OPERATING the Omni Cook.

CAUTION

Ensure that the Omni Cook is fully stopped before the
mixing bowl is removed from the main engine frame.

Service

1 The normal working altitude of the product ranges from 0 m to 2,000 m.

restrictions

2 DO NOT place the product in an unbalanced or humid environment or

close to fire or other heat sources (such as a stove). The distance to such
heat sources should preferably exceed 30 cm.

3 DO NOT place the main engine frame on a cooking stove (high-temperature area, ceramic heater, induction cooker, etc.) or a heated surface.

4 Minors are NOT ALLOWED to operate this product, even under the
supervision of an adult. Please keep this product and its power cord out of
reach of children.

5 This product is NOT a toy for minors.
6 People with physical, cognitive, or mental disability or those lacking
relevant knowledge or experience SHALL NOT operate this product,
even under the supervision of their guardian.

7 This product is for home use only, and its designed capacity meets the
needs of an average family. It SHALL NOT be used for any purpose not
specified in this Operation Manual.

8 Do not use outdoors.
Power line

1 Only use the supporting AC power cord.

precautions

2 In case of damage, the power cord must be replaced by the manufacturer
or its maintenance department or a professional of a similar department.

3 Disconnect the AC power cord from the AC socket before maintaining or
moving this product.

4 DO NOT over-pinch, bend or twist the AC power cord, or its core may be
exposed or broken.

5 DO NOT use the supplied AC power cord on any other device.
Power supply
precautions

1 DO NOT use power supplies other than AC to avoid electric shock or fire
disaster.

2 Be sure to disconnect the power plug by holding the plug firmly with your
hand to avoid electric shock or fire caused by short circuit. Do not pull the
AC power cord when disconnecting it.

3 DO NOT allow children to operate the device alone. Keep it out of reach of

infants and young children to avoid the occurrence of electric shock, scald,
and other dangerous accidents.

4 DO NOT plug or disconnect the power plug with wet hands to avoid
electric shock or injury.

5 Only use an independent power socket with its ground wire and at a rated
current to avoid fire hazard and other accidents.

SAVE THIS OPERATION MANUAL PROPERLY
01

In use

1

DO NOT fill the mixing bowl with food materials with a volume larger than the
mixing bowl's maximum allowable filling amount (the 2.2L maximum level mark).

2 DO NOT remove the measuring cup when the device is running at a high speed,
to avoid the splashing of oil, grease, or liquid.

3 DO NOT force to open the mixing bowl lid or the lock-up mechanism.
4 Open the mixing bowl lid ONLY when the mixing speed is zero and the lock-up
mechanism is unlocked.

5 The whisk is NOT SUITABLE for prolonged stewing (braising, simmering, and
fermentation), especially not for high temperature stewing.

6 The mixing blade set has SHARP EDGES and must be handled with care to
avoid injury!

7 DO NOT force to move parts, which could cause mechanical injury.
8 DO NOT put your hand into the mixing bowl when the device is connected to
the power, to guard against damage and injury.

9 DO NOT put your hand or any tools into the mixing bowl during its operation,
or serious personal injury or damage to the product may be caused.

10 Keep all body parts and hair away from the mixing blade set.
11 NEVER use the scraper in the mixing bowl before the device has fully stopped.
12 Make sure there is enough water in the mixing bowl during steam cooking.
Supplement water if you want to extend the duration of steam cooking.

13 The hot steam generated during steam cooking could cause scalding.
ALWAYS keep your face and body away from it.
14 DO NOT touch the measuring cup during or immediately after use of the
device, to guard against scalding. ALWAYS keep the device away from infants
and minors.

15 DO NOT move or rock the device during its operation.
16 NEVER cover the top of the mixing bowl with other articles since this may
prevent the release of steam.

17 To guard against scalding, the temperature of water added to the device under
stirring should preferably be lower than 60 °C.

18 When the temperature of the liquid is too high, the device will automatically slow
down its mixing speed.

19 Please ensure that the mixing bowl lid and the mixing bowl are properly locked
before starting up the device.

20 NEVER leave the device unattended during its operation.
21 Please ensure that the device has completely stopped before opening the
mixing bowl lid.

22 DO NOT touch the mixing bowl when the device is used for heating food, to
guard against scalding.

23 DO NOT insert the power plug before all preliminary work has been properly
finished.

24 DO NOT use the device before mounting the accessories/mixing blade set.
25 DO NOT start the device without food materials inside it.
26 Be careful when hot liquid is poured into the mixing bowl as it can be ejected out
due to sudden steaming.

SAVE THIS OPERATION MANUAL PROPERLY
02

After use

1 Empty the food from the mixing bowl, disassemble the mixing blade set
for timely cleaning, and BE CAREFUL when cleaning the sharp edge of
the mixing blade set.

2 ALWAYS disconnect the power plug after use, before the mounting/dismounting of parts, and before cleaning.

3 In case of any abnormality or fault, STOP using the device
IMMEDIATELY and disconnect the power plug.Contact the customer service if
the abnormality or fault happens multiple times.

4 Thoroughly wipe the mixing bowl before mounting it into the main engine
frame.

Abnormality

1 Abnormal heating of the power cord or the power plug in use.

or fault

2 Smoke coming from the product and a peculiar burning smell.
3 Part of the product has crack, looseness, or abnormal noise.
4 Deformation of the mixing bowl.
5 Other abnormalities or faults.

Additional

1 DO NOT drop the product or bump it against hard objects to avoid injury
or fault.

notes

2 NO MODIFICATION IS ALLOWED. Any people other than mainte3
4
5
6
7
8

Environment

nance technicians shall not disassemble or repair the product to avoid fire,
electric shock, or injury.
In case of any abnormality or fault, please STOP using the device
IMMEDIATELY to avoid fire, electric shock, or injury.
The product cannot operate with an external timer or with a separate
remote-controlled system.

The silicone parts on the product MUST NOT come in contact alcoholic
beverage containing more than 50% ethanol.
Power off and disconnect the product from the power supply before
replacing accessories or touching any moving parts.

DO NOT use fittings or accessories other than those specifically provided
with this product to avoid fire and personal injury.

Do not operate any appliance with a damaged cord or plug or after the
appliance malfunctions or has been damaged in any manner.Return the
appliance to the nearest authorized service facility for examination ,repair,or
adjustment.
1 Steam and heat will cause damage, discoloration, and deformation to walls
and furniture, so please keep the product more than 30 cm away from walls
and furniture during use.

2 When using the device in a kitchen cabinet or other similar places, please
ensure sufficient ventilation.

WARNING
To Avoid Injury.
Read and understand the operation manual
before using this device.

SAVE THIS OPERATION MANUAL PROPERLY
03

02

PRODUCT OVERVIEW
2.1

Parts & Accessories

7
15

6

14
8

5
13

4

12
9
11

3

(ordered separately)

2

10

16

1

5 Mixing blade

9 Scraper

13 Septum

2 Lock ring

6 Mixing bowl lid

10 Simmering basket

14 Steaming rack

3 Mixing bowl body

7 Measuring cup

11 Condensation tray

15 Steamer lid

4 Sealing ring

8 Whisk

12 Main body of steamer

16 Tea spoon set

1

04

Main engine frame

Part

Function

Mixing bowl

Use the mixing bowl in combination with the mixing blade
set for cooking and processing food materials.
Use the mixing bowl lid to seal the mixing bowl so that no
juice/liquid will splash during its operation. The center of
the lid has an inlet opening for putting ingredients or
materials into the mixing bowl.This can be done during
the cooking process.

Mixing bowl lid

Measuring cup

Use the measuring cup to measure ingredients and seal
the inlet opening on the mixing bowl lid.

Main engine frame

The main engine frame is the main component of the
Omni Cook and contains an SMR motor and other
mechanical components to provide core functions.

Mixing blade set

Use the mixing blade set in combination with the mixing
bowl to stir/mix/shred/grind food materials.

Steamer set
(ordered separately)

Use the Steamer set for steam cooking.

Simmering basket

Use the simmering basket to steam food, or process
soft/fragile ingredients, or use it as a strainer to filter fruit
or vegetable juices.

Whisk

Use the whisk to whip cream or as an egg beater.

Scraper

Use the scraper to clean off any food materials adhering
to the inner wall of the Mixing bowl.

Tea spoon set

Use the tea spoons to measure liquid or powder ingredients.

2.2

Touch screen
2.2.1 Menu bar
Select a desired cooking mode from the mode menu;
select your favorite recipe from the recipe menu; carry out
basic configurations of the device through the setting
menu.

Mode

Menu bar
Display page

2.2.2 Parameter conﬁg panel
Mode

Parameter
config panel

00:00
Min

Sec

--

0

The following parameters need to be configured: Time,
Temperature, and Speed (mix speed/reverse speed).
Touch the Parameter Configuration icon to configure the
corresponding parameters, and adjust the ir settings by
turning the control knob.Scroll the screen up/down to
minimize the panel.

2.2.3 Control knob
Control knob

Change the parameter configuration or skip to next step in
smart recipe by turning the control knob; start or pause
the current cooking operation by clicking the control knob
shortly.

05

2.3

Instructions on the use of parts

2.3.1 Mixing bowl
Use the Mixing bowl to process or cook food materials. It consists of a stainless-steel container, a
mixing bowl lid, and a mixing blade set. The Omni Cook can only be started for cooking after the
mixing bowl has been properly placed in the main engine frame. Please follow the procedures
below:

1 Align the mixing bowl vertically with the dock of
the main engine frame, with the handle facing
towards the front.Press the mixing bowl downwards until a click is heard, which confirms that the
mixing bowl has been completely locked to the
main engine frame.

2 To dismount the mixing bowl, push the safety lock
leftwards while lifting the mixing bowl.

Push the safety lock leftwards

CAUTION
For your safety and a better cooking experience,
please read the following contents carefully:
Place the Omni Cook on a clean, flat, and steady
surface.
Avoid placing the Omni Cook at a position close to
the edge, otherwise, it may drop due to possible
movement or collision during its operation.
Do not place it on cooking stoves (high-temperature area, ceramic cooktop, induction cooker, etc.)
or on a hot or heated surface, but keep it away
from any fire sources.
Do not place it under any furniture (rack,
cupboard, etc.) since the steam generated during
food processing may damage the furniture.

2.3.2 Mixing blade set
Please disassemble the mixing blade set separately for cleaning and drying before cleaning the
mixing blade set and mixing bowl,and then assemble it properly for next use. The mixing blade set
is used for stirring/shredding/mixing/grinding food. It must be properly assembled and locked
securely with the lock ring, otherwise, accidental injury may be caused. Please follow the
procedures below:
06

1 Grip the mixing bowl handle, and ensure that its

Measuring cup

open side is upward.

Mixing bowl lid
Sealing ring

2 Rotate the lock ring anti-clockwise to unlock it,

Mixing blade
Sealing ring

while leaving the mixing blade in the mixing bowl
for the time being.

3 Carefully pinch the handle block at the top of the

Mixing bowl body

mixing blade and pull it (together with the sealing
ring) out of the mixing bowl.

Lock ring

4 The mixing blade is sharp.Please be careful not to
cut yourself when cleaning the mixing blade set.
Wipe off water from the blade set after cleaning.

5 Carefully pinch the handle block at the top of the
mixing blade and align it with the sealing ring to
the opening at the bottom of the mixing bowl.
Then, mount it into the bottom opening until the
Rotate anti-clockwise to
unlock the lock ring
Handle block

sealing ring touches with the bottom of the mixing
bowl.

6 Mount the lock ring from below through the drive
shaft of the mixing blade to the mixing bowl and
rotate it clockwise until the mixing blade set is
securely locked.
Mixing blade set

Lock ring

CAUTION
For your safety and better cooking experience, please read the following contents:
1.The mixing blade set has sharp blades, please be careful not to cut yourself when mounting/dismounting/handling /cleaning it.
Never touch the blades of the mixing blade set.
Always dismount the mixing blade set with the opening of the mixing bowl facing upwards, avoid
dropping the mixing blade set, otherwise it may cause blade deformation and injury.
Do not put your hand into the mixing bowl before it has been removed from the main engine
frame.
Make sure the mixing bowl and the mixing blade set have been fully cooled down before
dismounting the mixing blade set from the mixing bowl. Residual heat after cooking could cause
scalding.
2.Mount the mixing blade set carefully and properly, and regularly check its service condition and
the contact of the sealing ring with the bottom of the mixing bowl.

07

CAUTION
When mounting the mixing blade set, make sure the sealing ring properly fits the drive shaft.
Make sure the sealing ring is intact. If the sealing ring is damaged, the main engine frame could
be damaged as a result of liquid leaking in.
Before cooking, ensure that the mixing blade set is properly mounted and securely locked.

2.3.3 Mixing bowl lid
The mixing bowl lid is used to seal the mixing bowl. For your safety, please only start the Omni
Cook when the mixing bowl lid has been properly placed and locked. Please follow the
procedures below:

1 Place the mixing bowl lid on the mixing bowl, push
it down with both hands to ensure a secure fit of
the mixing bowl lid with the mixing bowl.

2 Turn the handle of the mixing bowl lid clockwise to
lock the mixing bowl lid and the mixing bowl
handle until you hear a click.

3 Please ensure that the mixing bowl lid is locked
with the mixing bowl handle. The locking of the
mixing bowl lid and the mixing bowl rim needs to
be secure and free of tilting.
Lock up clockwise

4 When you want to remove the mixing bowl lid, turn
the handle of the mixing bowl lid counterclockwise
to unlock the mixing bowl lid, then, lift the mixing
bowl lid by gripping its handle.

CAUTION
For your safety and better cooking experience, please read the following contents:
Never force to open the mixing bowl lid, for this may damage the lock on the mixing bowl.
To guard against scalding caused by splashing of hot food materials, do not open the mixing
bowl lid during cooking.
Be careful when opening the mixing bowl lid at the end of cooking, since the mixing bowl may
contain residual high-temperature steam that could cause scalding.
Please regularly check the sealing ring of the mixing bowl lid for any signs of damage.

08

2.3.4 Steamer set (ordered separately) /Simmering basket
The steamer set and simmering basket are used for steaming food. The steamer set consists of a
steamer lid, a steaming tray, a septum, a steaming pot, and a condensation tray.This assembly can
be directly mounted onto the mixing bowl lid. During the cooking process, steam flows into the
steamer via the inlet opening on the mixing bowl lid to steam the food. Please follow the
procedures below:

1 To use the steamer set for steam cooking, simply
mount its bottom into the docking slot on the top

Steamer lid

of the mixing bowl lid.

Steaming rack

2 To use the simmering basket for steam cooking,
place it into the mixing bowl and fill it with food

Septum

materials.

Main body of
steamer
Condensation
tray

3 The steamer set can be freely arranged to meet
your cooking requirements.
(ordered separately)

4 If you want to collect the condensation from the

Handle
Simmering
basket

steamer, put the condensation tray between the
bottom of the steam cooker and the mixing bowl
lid; if you want condensation to flow into the mixing
bowl, simply remove the condensation tray.

CAUTION
For your safety and better cooking experience, please read the following contents:
Arrange the food materials evenly in one layer inside the steamer, with the total weight of the
food materials, plates, and dishes not exceeding 2 kg.
Be careful not to get scalded when removing the steamer set or the simmering basket from the
steaming pot.
Make sure that there is enough water inside the mixing bowl to prevent dry burning and
damaging the device.
Clean the steamer assembly and simmering basket in a timely manner after each use to ensure
the mesh is not blocked by food.
It is not possible to place the measuring cup on the mixing bowl lid while the steamer set is used.
Please do not try to mount it by brutal force.
Observe the condensation tray and make sure the condensation is not overflowing. In general
conditions, the tray can accommodate all condensation generated during approximately an hour
of steaming.

09

2.3.5 Measuring cup
The measuring cup is used for sealing the inlet opening on the mixing bowl lid to curb heat
dissipation and prevent splashing of food mixture and liquid. It can also be used for measuring
liquid. If you simply want to add a small amount of liquid into the mixing bowl, there is no need to
remove the measuring cup. Simply pour the liquid onto the mixing bowl lid, and it will flow into the
mixing bowl via the gap between the measuring cup and the mixing bowl lid. To add more liquid or
solid food materials, please follow the procedures below:

1 Press the control knob once to pause the cooking
progress, then hold the measuring cup by its wall
and lift it up to remove it.

2 Add food materials or other ingredients to the
mixing bowl.

3 Align the measuring cup with the opening of the
mixing bowl lid and press it down to mount it.

4 Press the control knob for a second to resume
cooking.

CAUTION
The mixing bowl may contain residual high-temperature steam after cooking. Please be careful
not to be scalded by the steam when opening the mixing bowl lid.
Never remove the measuring cup during the cooking process under normal circumstances.
However, some recipes require the removal of the measuring cup to ensure the release of
surplus steam. Please refer to the actual recipes for further details.

2.3.6 Scraper and tea spoon set
The scraper is used for removing mixed or cooked food materials from the mixing bowl and
emptying the mixing bowl. The tea spoon set can also be used for measuring a small quantity of
powder or liquid ingredients. The spoons have the following capacities: 10 mL, 5 mL, 2.5 mL, and
1.25 mL, respectively. When using the accessories of the Omni Cook, please observe the
following points:

CAUTION
No accessory can be used for any purpose not
specified herein.
Never leave the scraper and tea spoon(s) in the
mixing bowl during cooking.
Please check the conditions of the accessories
regularly and replace damaged ones in a timely
manner.
10

2.3.7 Whisk
The whisk is used for whipping cream or beating egg liquid. It can also be used for ensuring even
mixing of the ingredients at a low stirring speed, thus preventing food materials from adhering to
and scorching on the bottom of the mixing bowl. Please follow the procedures below to
mount/dismount the stirring rod:

Lifter
Whisk

1 Mount the whisk on the mixing blade set by
inserting it into the gap between the crossed
blades, and gently rotating it until it is fixed. Please
ensure that it cannot be pulled out vertically easily.

2 Nip the lifter, gently rotate it, and pull it upwards.

CAUTION
Do not use the whisk at a mixing speed higher than Speed 5.
Do not use the whisk and the simmering basket at the same time.
Do not mount/dismount the whisk during the operation of the device.
Do not use the whisk in a high-temperature dry burning environment.

Recommended ingredients: 300g egg white (about 10 eggs)
Recommended parameters: Speed: REV 4.5; Time: 2.5-3.5 min

11

03

QUICK START GUIDE
3.1

First start

Insert the power plug into an AC socket. Switch on the Omni Cook, and the display panel will
display the launch screen.

3.2

Start and shutdown

Startup: Connect the Omni Cook a to power supply, and the display panel will automatically display
the splash screen;
Shutdown: Press and hold the ON/OFF button until a shutdown prompt appears; click CONFIRM on
the screen to shut down the device.
Reminder:
1.By default, after 10 minutes of an idle state, the display panel of the device will go off and
automatically enter the SLEEP mode.
2.Screen wake-up mode: Click the "ON/OFF" button to wake up the screen in the sleep state.

3.3

Initial configuration

During the initial startup, the device will display the Welcome page. Please follow the instructions
on that page to complete the initial configuration, by simply following the instructions displayed
on the screen. During its operation, turn the control knob to proceed to the next step, and once
the configuration is completed, you will access to the homepage.
You can modify the configuration later by changing the configurations on the [SETTING] menu.
Wi-Fi connection:select the correct Wi-Fi connection,enter the password, and then press
"CONNECT" to start connection. You can find the Wi-Fi function in the [SETTING] menu.

3.4

Emergency stop
When an emergency occurs unexpectedly during the
device is in operation, you may stop the device
immediately by pressing the ON/OFF button at the
right side of the main engine frame. Or you may
suspend current cooking progress by pressing the
control knob, and press the control knob again to
resume previous cooking program.

12

04

OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
4.1

Basic Settings

Cooking parameters, including time, temperature, and mixing speed, can be configured before and
during cooking. Parameter configuration can be set by tapping the icons for Time, Temperature, or
Speed at the bottom section of the screen. Then, settings can be adjusted by rotating the control
knob. Once the parameter configuration has been completed, you can start cooking by pressing the
control knob. You can find more recipes developed by professional chefs from the Recipes page in
the menu bar or by using the search function (on the upper right of the screen). Please follow the
instructions to operate the Omni Cook for cooking.

4.1.1 Set Time

Mode

1 Press the Time configuration icon to access the
00:00
Min

Sec

--

0

Time setting.

2 Turn the control knob to set up the cooking time.

CAUTION
Notes for time configuration:
The preset time can be modified at any time during the cooking process (except for a few
specific modes). To do so, click the Time configuration icon, and then turn the knob to select the
desired cooking time. The device will continue cooking in accordance with the latest time
settings to the end.
Before the expiry of the preset time settings, you can press the control knob to suspend the
operation of the device and add cooking ingredients at any time during the cooking process,
then, press the control knob again to resume the operation. The device will carry on cooking with
the original preset time settings.
To terminate the cooking, click the Time configuration icon and turn the control knob until time
setting displays 00:00.

13

Mode

4.1.2 Set Temperature
--

00:00
Min

Sec

0

1 Press the Temperature configuration icon to
access the temperature setting.

2 Turn the control knob to set up or adjust the
cooking temperature.

CAUTION
Notes for temperature configuration:
The cooking temperature can be preset or
modified at any time during the cooking process
(except for a few specific modes).
If you do not require any heating functions, please
leave the temperature value setting at ---.

4.1.3 Set Mixing Speed

Mode

00:00
Min

Sec

--

0

1 Press the mixing Speed configuration icon to
access the mixing speed settings.

2 Turn the control knob to adjust the mixing speed.
3 By turning the control knob anti-clockwise, adjust
the speed from 0 for reverse rotation. Reverse
rotation using the back of the blades to gently stir
or mix food materials.

CAUTION
Notes for the configuration of the mixing speed:
The mixing speed can be preset or modified at any time during the cooking process (except for a
few specific modes).
Once the cooking time and mixing speed have been properly configured, the device can be
started.
Before setting the mixing speed, please ensure that the mixing bowl has been properly mounted
on the main engine frame and that the mixing bowl lid is properly placed and locked up with the
mixing bowl.
There are 20 mixing speeds and 10 reverse speeds available to choose. Turn the control knob
clockwise to adjust the mixing speed and anti-clockwise to adjust the reverse speed.
Do not use a high speed when the cooking temperature is above 60°C, otherwise, you might be
at the risk of scalding as a result of overflow.

14

4.2

Preset Modes

A variety of cooking modes have been preset with the Omni Cook to meet your specific needs.
These cooking modes are available in the homepage, include weighing mode, turbo mode, kneading
mode, ice shaving mode, juicer mode, grinding mode, mincing mode, shredding mode, pre-cleaning
mode, steam cooking mode, and stewing mode. For example, for the mincing mode, please follow
the procedures below:

1 Clean the meat and cut into small pieces of approx.
1-2 cm. Then, put them into the mixing bowl. Be
careful not to exceed the 2.2L maximum level mark
on the mixing bowl.

2 Mount the mixing bowl onto the main engine frame,
close the mixing bowl lid and ensure that the mixing
bowl and the lid are both properly locked.

3 Turn on the device, and then select the "Mincing
Mode" from the Mode list in the homepage. Press
the knob, and the device will operate in accordance
with the preset program and automatically stop
upon completion of the program. Press the control
knob to suspend the operation of the device while it
is operating.

4 When the process is complete, dismount the mixing
bowl from the main engine frame and remove the
mince with the scraper.

CAUTION
Notes about the mincing mode:
Remove tendons,bones,skin of meat, and also defreeze frozen meat before processing.
The mincing mode is not suitable for processing hard food materials, such as frozen meat, ice
cubes, and large bones.
During the mincing process, the device may experience shaking, so please do not leave it
unattended.
If food material adheres to the wall of the mixing bowl or if shaking is too violent, shut down the
device immediately. Rebalance the food materials to ensure even distribution in the mixing bowl
and restart the mincing process.

15

Weighing
The weighing mode can be chosen from the Mode list in the homepage to weigh food materials and
other ingredients. Please follow the procedures below:

1 Mount the mixing bowl into the main engine frame,
and click to select the Weighing mode from the
Modes list.

g

2 Put food materials or ingredients into the mixing
bowl for weighing. The weight will be displayed on
the screen.

3 Press the knob to reset to Zero and then weigh
another food material or ingredient. This weighing
process can be repeated until the cumulative weight
reaches the maximum limit of 5,000 g or other
preset value.

CAUTION
Notes on the weighing mode:
The weighing mode is accessed only when the device is not currently in any other operation.
When using the weighing mode, please ensure that the device is placed on a horizontal and flat
workbench,otherwise, the results of the weighing may be inaccurate.
To exit the weighing mode, simply click the “X” icon on the upper right corner of the Weighing
page.

16

List of preset modes
Mode

Function

Important notes

Manual control

In Manual control, you can
configure the cooking time,
temperature, and mixing
speed on your demand.

When you are unfamiliar with the operation of
this device, you are recommended to follow
the procedures and settings in the recipes
from your Omni Cook to ensure proper
operation of the device for cooking.

Note: With Manual control,the
m a x i m u m co o k i n g t i m e i s 9 9
minutes, the maximum cooking
temperature is 180 °C, and the
maximum mixing speed is 10.
Recommended ingredients: 300g
pumpkin + 700g water
Recommended parameters: Speed:
REV 10; Temperature: 100 ° C;
Time: 30 min

Weighing mode

Weighing food materials

Press the control knob to reset to Zero.

Turbo mode

Crushing food fast

In this mode, the configurations are preset to
particular parameters and not adjustable; Press
the Turbo mode icon again to exit this mode;
To avoid any unpredictable situations, do not
leave the device unattended when using this
mode. During its operation, please ensure that
the mixing bowl lid is in place and the
measuring cup has been properly mounted.

Kneading dough

Cooking temperature and mixing speed are
fixed, and not adjustable in this mode.
Ingredients can be added via the inlet opening
on the top of the mixing bowl lid, for example,
to add water.

Kneading mode

Recommended ingredients:
450g flour + 300g water
Recommended parameters:
Speed: REV 4.5; Time: 5min

Ice shaving mode

For crushing ice, you can
select coarse ice or fine ice
Recommended ingredients:
200g ice cube with a volume
not more than 3cm³/unit piece
Recommended parameters:
Speed: REV 8; Time: 8sec

Juicer mode

Extracting juice from
fruits/vegetables
containing rich water.
Recommended ingredients: 400g
pear + 1,000g water
Recommended parameters:
Speed: REV 9; Time: 30sec

The cooking temperature is locked and not
adjustable in this mode. During its operation,
please ensure that the mixing bowl lid is in
place and the measuring cup has been
properly mounted to prevent crushed ice from
splashing.

The cooking temperature is locked and not
adjustable in this mode. During its operation,
please ensure that the mixing bowl lid is in
place and the measuring cup has been
properlymounted to prevent liquid from
splashing and overflowing .

17

Mode

Function

Important notes

Grinding mode

Grinding cereal and
pulverizing food materials

The cooking temperature is locked and not
adjustable in this mode. You are recommended
to cut the food materials into small pieces for
better and more thoroughly uniformly grinding
of the food materials.

Recommended ingredients:
200g rock sugar
Recommended parameters:
Speed: REV 9.5; Time: 20sec

Mincing mode

Preparing minced meat and
crushing food materials
Recommended ingredients:
300g beef with a volume not
more than 2cm³/unit piece
Recommended parameters:
Speed: REV 8; Time: 15sec

Shredding mode

Shredding larger food
materials
Recommended ingredients:
100g carrot with a volume not
more than 2cm³/unit piece
Recommended parameters:
Speed: REV 9; Time: 6sec

The cooking temperature is locked and not
adjustable in this mode. This mode is not
suitable for food materials with higher
hardness or higher water content, e.g., frozen
meat, fruit.

The cooking temperature is locked and not
adjustable in this mode. During its operation,
please ensure that the mixing bowl lid is in
place and that the measuring cup has been
properly mounted to prevent food materials
from overflowing.

Pre-cleaning mode Pre-cleaning the mixing
bowl before manual
cleaning

The recommended amount of water for
pre-cleaning shall not exceed the 1L mark,
During its operation, please ensure that the
mixing bowl lid is in place and the measuring
cup has been properly mounted.

Steaming mode

Cooking temperature and mixing speed are
locked and not adjustable in this mode. In this
mode, the mix blade remains still and does not
rotate, this mode is suitable for boiling brittle
food materials (e.g., dumpling, tofu, etc.) or
steaming food materials, but not suitable for
any steaming and boiling operation with liquid
other than water (e.g., stewing meat).

Steaming or boiling food
materials
Note: When using the Steaming
mode, the power rate may vary
with the current input voltage.
Higher voltage will generate
more power output.

Mixing mode

Whipped cream or egg
white
Recommended ingredients:
300g minced meat + 2 eggs
Recommended parameters:
Speed: REV 2.5; Time: 1min

The cooking temperature is locked and not
adjustable in this mode. During its operation,
please ensure that the mixing bowl lid is in
place and the measuring cup has been
properlymounted to prevent liquid from
splashing and overflowing .

Note: Due to product improvements and upgrades, there may be differences in the names of modes
between the physical product and the schematic diagram, and those in the physical product may be
subject to modification from time to time. Please visit the official website of TOKIT GLOBAL for
further information.
18

4.3

Cloud Recipe

For your better cooking experience with the Omni Cook, you can access your smart guided recipes
by clicking the Recipe menu in the upper left corner of the screen or by performing the recipe
search by clicking the Search bar in the upper right corner of the screen and entering key words.

4.4

Cleaning and maintenance

4.4.1 Cleaning
Before using the product for the first time, please completely clean and rinse all assemblies and
accessories that may contact with food materials.
After each use, please wash all parts and wipe off water after washing.
Between two cooking procedures or after cooking, you can use the "Pre-cleaning "mode to
wash the mixing bowl. You can find this mode in the Mode homepage.
To clean the mixing blade set and mixing bowl thoroughly, please disassemble the mixing bowl
by following the Instructions for the Use of Parts section in this operation manual.
Do not use objects with sharp edges or metal scourers to clean the mixing bowl, but special
detergents for stainless steel.
Please be careful with the mixing blade set when cleaning and handling it. Do not touch the
sharp edges of the mixing blade set.
To guard against inadvertent dropping of the mixing blade set, be careful when dismounting it.
Never insert your hand into the mixing bowl when it has been mounted to the main engine
frame.
To clean the surface of plastic accessories (e.g., the simmering basket), please use soft cleaning
cloth and dish soap.
All accessory tools are dishwasher safe, including mixing blade set, blade cover, steamer set,
simmering basket, slow-cook plug, measuring cup, whisk, scraper, and tea spoon set.
Always disconnect the power supply before cleaning the main engine frame.
Clean the main engine frame with a moist cloth and mild detergent.
Do not use excessive water for cleaning in case water or moisture may leak into the main engine
frame.
The mixing bowl and mixing blade set may be damaged if they are soaked in water, other
liquids, or residual food for a prolonged period of time. Therefore, please wash and dry them in
a timely manner after use.

4.4.2 Maintenance
Prolonged stewing or contact with acidic substances could lead to rust. Therefore, please
carefully check for debris from your cooking ingredients.

19

Regularly check the main engine frame and all its accessories (including the mixing bowl, power
cord, sealing ring of the mixing bowl lid, and sealing ring of the mix blade set) for potential
damage.
Regularly check the air vent of the device. If the air vent is blocked it will damage the device.
Disconnect the device from the power supply if the device is not in use for a prolonged time.
The main engine frame is designed to have a drainage mechanism at the bottom of the mixing
bowl dock. If a large amount of soup or liquid is splashed onto the mixing bowl dock, do not
rotate or move the main engine frame because the liquid will automatically drain out from the
drain holes at the bottom. Instead, use an absorptive sponge or a soft towel to wipe off the
liquid from the surface of the main engine frame.
Keep the device dry and clean. Place it in a dry and ventilated environment.
Do not use any damaged accessories.
Mixing blade set and accessories are consumables. Please replace them in a timely manner by
considering their frequency of use and general condition to ensure perfect cooking results.

20

05

TROUBLESHOOTING
Fault type

Fault diagnosis and solutions
Immediately disconnect the power plug.

Liquid leak in the
region beneath
the mixing bowl

Wipe off any excessive liquid beneath the mixing bowl with a towel or an
absorptive sponge.
Do not move or tilt the main engine frame in case liquid may contact with
sensitive parts inside.
Do not attempt to disassemble the main engine frame. It does not contain
any parts that you can repair by yourself.
If you cannot rule out the probability of liquid in the main engine frame, do
not turn the device on. Please contact the customer service.

Unable to switch
on or no display

Check whether the power cord is properly plugged into the socket.

Unable to put the
mixing bowl into the
dock on the main
engine frame

Check whether the bottom of the mixing bowl has been stuck by foreign
objects.

Unable to heat up

The cooking time may not be properly configured. Check whether you
have configured the time appropriately.
The temperature value has not been selected. Check whether you have
already configured the temperature.
Take the mixing bowl out of the main engine frame.
Reduce the amount of food materials or add a little bit of water.

Interruption
causes the device
to stop during its
operation

Reload the mixing bowl.
Check whether the air vent is unclogged or unblocked at the rear of the
main engine frame.
Press and hold the control knob to restart the device.
Wait for about 5 minutes (cooling time). If any system error message is still
displayed after the specified cooling time, please contact the customer
service.
Make sure nothing is leaning against the main engine frame.

Incorrect weight

Make sure the power cord is not stretched too much.
Make sure the device is placed on a clean, steady, horizontal and flat surface.
Do not touch the device throughout the weighing process.

Interruption
causes the device
stop during
cooking process

Food materials were not added as required.
Take the mixing bowl out of the main engine frame and empty it.
Place the emptied mixing bowl into the main engine frame again.
Restart the cooking process.

No access to
Wi-Fi connection

Check whether the system /software is the latest version.

Unable to
upgrade the
system /software

Check whether the product is cooking.

Check whether the Wi-Fi intensity is strong enough at the position of the product.

Check whether the Wi-Fi connection is normal.

21

06

DIAGNOSTIC ERROR CODE

22

Error Code

Description

Solution

No mixing bowl
detected

The mixing bowl or the mixing bowl
lid is not mounted properly, or the
mixing bowl lid not securely locked

Mount the mixing bowl properly, close and
fasten the mixing bowl lid. Then, try again.

E-05

High temperature alarm of the
mixing bowl bottom sensor

Restart the device when the temperature
has dropped to the normal range

E-10

Mixing bowl bottom sensor is
damaged

Contact the customer service

E-16

Overcurrent protection of the
electric motor

Contact the customer service

E-17

Overvoltage protection of the
electric motor

Contact the customer service

E-18

Under-voltage protection of
the electric motor

Contact the customer service

E-19

Open-phase protection of the
electric motor

Contact the customer service

E-20

Stalling protection of the
electric motor

Contact the customer service

E-21

High temperature alarm of the
electric motor

Restart the device when the temperature
has dropped to the normal range

E-22

Open circuit of the electric
motor sensor

Contact the customer service

E-23

Short circuit of the electric
motor sensor

Contact the customer service

E-24

The temperature of the MOS
transistor is too high

Restart the device when the temperature
has dropped to the normal range

E-25

Open circuit of the MOS
transistor temperature sensor

Contact the customer service

E-26

Short circuit of the MOS
transistor temperature sensor

Contact the customer service

E-27

Abnormal communication with
the electric motor

Contact the customer service

E-29

Abnormal communication with
the weighing sensors

Contact the customer service

E-30

Abnormal communication with
mainboard

Contact the customer service

07

SPECS
Name：Omni Cook

Model：TLLJE01ACM-2A

Rated Voltage：120 V~

Heating mode：Electric heating

Rated Motor Power：500W

Rated Frequency：60 Hz

Rated Capacity：2.2L

Rated Heating Power：1000W

Size：355 x 244 x 364mm

Total Rated Power：1500W

Wireless Connectivity: Wi-Fi IEEE 802.11 b/g/n 2.4 GHz

Website：https://tokitglobal.com
Email：service@tokitglobal.com
23

FCC WARNING
1.Warning: Changes or modifications to this unit not expressly approved
by the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority
to operate the equipment.
2.This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for
an uncontrolled environment .This equipment should be installed and
operated with a minimum distance of 20cm between the radiator & your
body.This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction
with any other antenna or transmitter

FCC STATEMENT
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a
Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are
designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in
a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate
radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with
the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications.
However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio
or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment
off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one
or more of the following measures:
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to
which the receiver is connected.
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.

24

